Validation configuration changes (#3687)
neo4j/graphql: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/custom-resolvers.adoc

----

> Instead, the following resolvers definition would be required:

Reviewer: I can't seem to comment on it but there's a line above here that looks like this:

> The following resolvers definition would be invalid:

Should we change it to this: `The following resolvers definition would cause a warning to be raised:`?

Author: Good spot, fixed!

> Instead, the following resolvers definition would be required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, the following resolvers definition should be provided:
```
